Biome
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biome

https://www.nationalgeographic.org/encyclopedia/biome/

Habitat
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habitat

https://www.nationalgeographic.org/encyclopedia/habitat/

Temperate coniferous forest
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temperate_coniferous_forest

Temperate broadleaf and mixed forest
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Temperate_broadleaf_and_mixed_forest

Habitat fragmentation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habitat_fragmentation

Habitat conservation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habitat_conservation

Habitat destruction
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Habitat_destruction

Homeschool Science Corner ~ Habitat or Biome
https://elementalblogging.com/homeschool-science-corner-habitat-vs-biome/

How does a biome differ from a habitat?
https://socratic.org/questions/how-does-a-biome-differ-from-a-habitat-1

Understanding Habitats, Ecosystems and Biomes 
http://www.wildernessclassroom.com/understanding-habitats-ecosystems-biomes/

What is the difference between a biome and an ecozone?
https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-a-biome-and-an-ecozone

What is the difference between a biome and an ecosystem?
https://www.quora.com/What-is-the-difference-between-a-biome-and-an-ecosystem

Chapter 8 ~ Biomes and Ecozones
https://digitaleditions.library.dal.ca/environmentalscience/chapter/chapter-8-biomes-and-ecozones/

Habitats, Biomes & Eco-Regions
https://enviroliteracy.org/ecosystems/habitats-biomes-eco-regions/

Animal studies
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_studies

Biogeography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biogeography

Animal geography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Animal_geography

Zoogeography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zoogeography

Bioregion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bioregion

Ecological land classification
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecological_land_classification

Biogeographic realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Biogeographic_realm

Ecozone
https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecozone

Nearctic realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nearctic_realm

Palearctic realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palearctic_realm

Afrotropical realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Afrotropical_realm

Antarctic realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctic_realm

Oceanian realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oceanian_realm

Neotropical realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neotropical_realm

Australasian realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Australasian_realm

Indomalayan realm
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indomalayan_realm


Ecoprovince
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecoprovince

Ecoregion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecoregion

Lists of ecoregions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lists_of_ecoregions

List of ecoregions (WWF)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ecoregions_(WWF)

List of terrestrial ecoregions (WWF)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_terrestrial_ecoregions_(WWF)

List of marine ecoregions
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_marine_ecoregions

List of freshwater ecoregions (WWF)
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_freshwater_ecoregions_(WWF)

Global 200
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Global_200

Global 200
https://www.worldwildlife.org/publications/global-200

Ecotope
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecotope

Ecosystem
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecosystem

Category:Ecology terminology
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Ecology_terminology

World Wide Fund for Nature
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Wide_Fund_for_Nature

ECOREGIONS
https://www.worldwildlife.org/biomes

TERRESTRIAL ECOREGIONS (14 Major Habitat Types)
https://www.worldwildlife.org/biome-categories/terrestrial-ecoregions



Terrestrial Ecoregions of the World
https://www.worldwildlife.org/publications/terrestrial-ecoregions-of-the-world

Terrestrial Ecoregions World
https://globil-panda.opendata.arcgis.com/datasets/terrestrial-ecoregions-world

Conservation Science Data and Tools
https://www.worldwildlife.org/pages/conservation-science-data-and-tools

ArcGIS REST Services Directory
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global

ArcGIS REST API
http://www.globildata.org/arcgis/sdk/rest/

Folder: Global
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global

https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World/MapServer/0/query?outFields=*&where=1%3D1

Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World (MapServer)
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World/MapServer

ArcGIS JavaScript API: Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World (MapServer)
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World/MapServer?f=jsapi

ArcGIS API for JavaScript
https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/

https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World/MapServer/0/query?outFields=*&where=1%3D1

https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World/MapServer/0/query?where=1%3D1&text=ECO_NAME&objectIds=&time=&geometry=&geometryType=esriGeometryEnvelope&inSR=&spatialRel=esriSpatialRelIntersects&relationParam=&outFields=*&returnGeometry=false&returnTrueCurves=false&maxAllowableOffset=&geometryPrecision=&outSR=&having=&returnIdsOnly=false&returnCountOnly=false&orderByFields=&groupByFieldsForStatistics=&outStatistics=&returnZ=false&returnM=false&gdbVersion=&historicMoment=&returnDistinctValues=true&resultOffset=&resultRecordCount=&queryByDistance=&returnExtentOnly=false&datumTransformation=&parameterValues=&rangeValues=&quantizationParameters=&featureEncoding=esriDefault&f=html


ArcGIS Online Map Viewer - Terrestrial_Ecoregions_World (MapServer)
http://www.arcgis.com/home/webmap/viewer.html?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.globildata.org%2Farcgis%2Frest%2Fservices%2FGlobal%2FTerrestrial_Ecoregions_World%2FMapServer&source=sd

Global/WWF_Global_200_Ecoregions_WM (MapServer)
http://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/WWF_Global_200_Ecoregions_WM/MapServer

Global/WWF_Priority_35_Ecoregions (MapServer)
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/WWF_Priority_35_Ecoregions/MapServer

Query: WWF Priority 35 Ecoregions (ID: 0)
https://www.globildata.org/arcgis/rest/services/Global/WWF_Priority_35_Ecoregions/MapServer/0/query


Phytogeography
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phytogeography

Phytochorion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Phytochorion

Vegetation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vegetation

Altitudinal zonation
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Altitudinal_zonation

Life zone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_zone

List of life zones by region
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_life_zones_by_region

Holdridge life zones
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Holdridge_life_zones

Life zones of central Europe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_zones_of_central_Europe

Life zones of the Mediterranean region
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_zones_of_the_Mediterranean_region

Life zones of Peru
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life_zones_of_Peru

Latitude
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Latitude

Ecoregion
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecoregion

Endemism
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Endemism

Cosmopolitan distribution
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cosmopolitan_distribution

Taxon
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taxon

Ecotone
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ecotone

KÃ¶ppen climate classification
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/K%C3%B6ppen_climate_classification

---------------------

Habitats and ecosystems
https://www.dkfindout.com/us/animals-and-nature/habitats-and-ecosystems/

Land habitats
https://www.dkfindout.com/us/animals-and-nature/habitats-and-ecosystems/land-habitats/

Different areas of the world are home to different types of habitat. Hot, dry areas, for example, are often covered in hot deserts. Warm, wet regions may give rise to tropical rain forests. There are 10 main types of land habitat on Earth. Each of these 10 types comes in many varieties, depending on where in the world it is found. The animals and plants that live in each habitat are adapted to cope with the conditions around them.

Many habitats are lost or destroyed by human activity: 98 percent  of the wild  (grassland) in North America  has been turned into  farmland

Types of land habitats on Earth (10 types):

Coniferous forest
Coniferous forests are often found in cool areas in the Northern Hemisphere, such as Canada, Alaska, Scandinavia, and parts of Russia. They are dominated by evergreen fir trees, and are home to animals such as moose (elk), beavers, and wolves.

Mountain
The tops of high mountain ranges are extremely cold, and few plants grow there. Animals living in these high places must cope with cold, lack of food, and steep, rocky terrain.

Deciduous forest
In cool, moist regions, many trees grow quickly in the summer but lose their leaves in winter. Wildlife in these areas changes with the seasons, as many animals move to other areas or hide away to sleep during the winter.

Temperate grassland
Dry, grassy prairies and steppes have hot summers and cold winters. They support herds of grazing animals such as antelope and bison.

Mediterranean
The lands around the Mediterranean Sea are hot, but have more rainfall than desert areas. They are home to shrubs and plants that can survive with only a little water, and are often filled with insect life.

Tundra
Tundras are frozen solid for most of the year, but thaw out a little during spring and summer. Animals such as reindeer and nesting birds make their homes here.

Hot desert
Deserts are dry places where little plant life can grow. Hot deserts may be barren areas of rock and sand, but some support animals and plants that can cope with very little water.

Tropical rain forest
These green, lush forests grow near the Equator (an imaginary line around the middle of the Earth). They are the richest of all biomes, home to more kinds of animals and plants than any other habitat.

Polar ice
Cold regions near the North and South Poles are covered in ice and snow. Some animals, such as penguins, seals, and polar bears, live on the edges of the ice, hunting for food in the freezing oceans.

Savanna
These tropical grasslands are found in Africa. They have long dry periods followed by wet seasons with heavy rainfall. They are home to huge herds of grass-eating animals, and powerful predators that feed on them.

------------------------------------------

Habitats
Learn about the different natural environments of plants and animals.
From the depths of the ocean to the top of the highest mountain, habitats are places where plants and animals live. Learn about these unique regions of our planet.

https://kids.nationalgeographic.com/explore/nature/habitats/


Grassland Habitat

Polar Habitat

Desert Habitat

Mountain Habitat

Temperate Forest Habitat

Freshwater Habitat

Ocean Habitat

Rainforest Habitat

--------------------------------------------------

Earth Habitats
https://www.nationalgeographic.com/environment/earth-habitats/

Valleys

Caves

Oceans

Grasslands

Rainforests

Tundra

Deserts

-----------------------

Animal Behavior Desk Reference: A Dictionary of Animal Behavior, Ecology, and Evolution, Third Edition 3rd Edition
https://www.amazon.com/Animal-Behavior-Desk-Reference-Dictionary/dp/1439836515/

